=== ESCAPE FROM THE HAUNTED CASTLE ===

Escape from the Haunted Castle

Copyright (C) 2016-2020 Ishan Pranav

Deluxe Edition | 2020 Revision | Version 3.6x

For Microsoft(R) Windows XP and higher


=== SOFTWARE NOTICE ===

Escape from the Haunted Castle is an exciting text
adventure game created by Ishan Pranav, with
primary development occurring betwen the years
2016 and 2017 and major enhancements added in 2019
and 2020. The game's original prototype was
written in the Microsoft CMD/Batch scripting
language  while Ishan was in fifth grade. The
software was subsequently rewritten in the
Microsoft C# programming language for the
Microsoft .NET Framework environment.


Copyright (C) 2016-2020 Ishan Pranav.
All rights reserved. This software is not
redistributable. Do not reproduce any part of this
program or manual without the written permission
of the developer. Thank you for installing Escape
from the Haunted Castle! 


=== SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ===

Before installing, ensure that your system
satisfies the following hardware and software
requirements:

    Processor:    Minimum 1 GHz with 512 MB RAM
    Disk Space:   Minimum 2 MB available

    Operating System and Configuration

     Newer systems not included in this list may
     be compatible.

         Windows 10                32-bit / 64-bit
         Windows 8.1         32-bit / 64-bit / ARM
         Windows 8           32-bit / 64-bit / ARM
         Windows 7 SPI             32-bit / 64-bit
         Windows Vista SP2         32-bit / 64-bit
         Windows XP                32-bit / 64-bit 


=== INSTALLATION ===

    1. Insert the Escape from the Haunted Castle
       compact disk into your computer's disk
       drive.
    2. Find the Escape from the Haunted Castle
       drive.
    3. Run INSTALL.EXE
    4. Click Install.
    5. The program is accessible from the Start
       Menu or from a shortcut on the Desktop.


=== UNINSTALLATION ===

    1. Go to Control Panel > Programs and
       Features.
    2. Double-click Escape from the Haunted
       Castle.
    3. Choose Remove the application from this
       computer.
    4. Click OK.


=== CONFIGURATION ===

To configure Escape from the Haunted Castle for
first-time use, run the installed game.
Right click on the title bar and click Properties.

The Properties window allows you to customize the
following important settings:

    Enable Keyboard Shortcuts

        a) Select the Options tab and find Edit.
        b) Check Enable Ctrl Key Shortcuts.

    Fonts

        a) Select the Font tab and find Size.
        b) Find Font. Choose a font. Some fonts do
           not support all the characters used in
           the software.
           Recommended: Lucida Console, Size 14.

These settings may be changed at any time.


=== REGISTRATION ===

To register Escape from the Haunted Castle for
first-time use, begin by running the installed
game. Once prompted, enter the ID and License
Key provided by the software publisher. The ID is
the name, email address, or other form of
identification associated with your account. If
this information was not provided before
installation, or if this information is not
available, please contact the publisher for
assistance. An expiration date and time should
have been provided alongside the ID and License
Key.
